The flying adult is facing severe punishment
I am honored
What about the Lord God?
Lord Tie Jiang
To tell you the truth
Lord God as early as half a year ago
Already sacrificed on the battlefield
But the temple has been kept secret
You don't know
Impossible how could he sacrifice?
Don't call adults
We can understand how you feel now.
But it is
Lord God's sacrifice is already
How dare you bullshit
If the Lord God sacrifices
Then I'm in the bible
Received news that Lord God is alive
Is it fake?
Flying Lord
You must call the shots for our Bai family
My daughter Bai Qianci
That is the fiancée that the country lord has appointed to the god lord
But this deep place has been killed in battle
People around you
He's looking for a fake fire fake deep
Bullying no one in our Bai family
I insulted my daughter, Chiko
outrageous
Where is the counterfeit?
But make Dragon City fly in
Don't teach Huma to do yin mountain
Wang Xuance, don't you remember me?